Init CONTRIBUTING (#31)
w3c/WebID: CONTRIBUTING.md

a PR with a fix.

## Make changes

### Make changes locally

1. Install Git
2. Fork the repository.
3. Create a working branch and start with your changes!

## Commit your update

Commit the changes once you are happy with them. See [Atom's contributing
guide](https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#git-commit-messages)
to know how to use emoji for commit messages.

Once your changes are ready, don't forget to [self-review](#self-review) to
speed up the review process:zap:.

### Self-review

You are strongly encouraged to review your own PR first.

For content changes, make sure that you:

* [ ] Confirm that the changes meet the user experience and goals outlined in
  the content design plan (if there is one).
* [ ] Compare your PR's source changes to staging to confirm that the
  output matches the source and that everything is rendering as expected. The
  W3C service to [creating diff between HTML pages](https://services.w3.org/htmldiff)
  can also be used.
* [ ] Review the content for technical accuracy.
* [ ] Review the content using the [translation guide for
  writers](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing/translations-for-writers.md)

>   and the [W3C Manual of Style](https://www.w3.org/2001/06/manual/) as guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and the [W3C Manual of Style](https://www.w3.org/Guide/manual-of-style/) as guides.
```

  3. What is new in your approach, and why do you think it will be successful?
  4. How are you involving participants from multiple skill sets and global
     locations in this work item? (Skill sets: technical, design, product,
     marketing, anthropological, and UX. Global locations: Africa, the
     Americas, APAC, Europe, Middle East, Antarctica.)
  5. What actions are you taking to make this work item accessible to a
     non-technical audience?

## Publication Rules

W3C CG reports are not required to follow the publication requirements as W3C
reports [on the standards track](https://www.w3.org/TR/). However, we
recommend using the [W3C's Publication rules for Recommendation
(“REC”)](https://www.w3.org/pubrules/doc/rules/?profile=REC) as a guideline.
WebID CG's technical reports differ along the lines of document status,
rights, identifiers. To help readers already familiar with W3C technical
reports, it is recommended to maintain the same look and feel.

See also the [W3C Manual of Style](https://www.w3.org/2001/06/manual/)
guide containing best current practice, written for editors and authors of W3C
technical reports.

> We also make the following recommendations:
> 
> * MUST be a valid HTML5 document (see also the [W3C Markup Validation
>   Service](https://validator.w3.org/)).
> * MUST include published and modified dates (`YYYY-MM-DD`).
> * Follow the [Internationalization Best Practices for Spec
>   Developers](https://www.w3.org/TR/international-specs/).
> * Follow the [Linked Data](https://www.w3.org/DesignIssues/LinkedData) design
>   principles. Give all significant units of information, e.g., concepts,
>   requirements, an identifier, and provide a description using a concrete RDF
>   syntax (see also [Spec Terms](http://www.w3.org/ns/spec)).
> * Cite the source resource in which consensus was reached for a given
>   statement.
> * Changelog from previous published releases (if applicable).
> * Considerations section, e.g., [Self-Review Questionnaire: Security and
>   Privacy](https://www.w3.org/TR/security-privacy-questionnaire/),
>   Accessibility, Internationalization, Societal Impact.
> * Conformance Classes section to identify who and/or what will implement the
>   specification.
> * Document wilful violations.
> * Use consistent spelling throughout the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also have the following recommendations and requirements:

* The report MUST be a valid HTML5 document (see also the [W3C Markup Validation
  Service](https://validator.w3.org/)).
* The report MUST include published and modified dates (`YYYY-MM-DD`).
* Follow the [Internationalization Best Practices for Spec
  Developers](https://www.w3.org/TR/international-specs/).
* Follow the [Linked Data](https://www.w3.org/DesignIssues/LinkedData) design
  principles. Give each significant unit of information (e.g., concept,
  requirement) an identifier, and provide a description using a concrete RDF
  syntax (see also [Spec Terms](http://www.w3.org/ns/spec)).
* Cite the source resource (e.g., issue, mailing list thread, etc.) in which
  consensus was reached for a given statement.
* Include a changelog from previously published releases (if applicable).
* Include relevant considerations section(s), e.g., [Self-Review Questionnaire: 
  Security and Privacy](https://www.w3.org/TR/security-privacy-questionnaire/),
  Accessibility, Internationalization, Societal Impact, etc.
* Include a Conformance Classes section to identify who and/or what will
  implement the specification.
* Document willful violations of the above.
* Use consistent spelling throughout the document.
```

## Decisions

Also see https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#decisions for general guidance.

### Processing pull requests

> Unless there is a prior CG decision otherwise, changes to TRs use the W3C Process [Correction Classes](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#correction-classes) as follows:
> 
> |Correction Class|Requirements|Time|
> |-|-|-|
> |[No changes to text content](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-1)|Editors MAY PR and/or merge at their discretion.|Within 5 days or 2 meetings.|
> |[Changes that do not functionally affect interpretation of the document](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-2)|Editors SHOULD PR and/or merge at their discretion.|Within 5 days or 2 meetings.|
> |[Other changes that do not add new features](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-3)|MUST PR.|Within 10 days or 2 meetings.|
> |[New features](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-4)|MUST PR.|Within 10 days or 2 meetings.|
> |[Changes to the contents of a registry table](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-5)|Editors or chairs MUST PR.|Within 10 days or 2 meetings.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless there is a prior CG decision otherwise, changes to TRs use the W3C Process
[Correction Classes](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#correction-classes)
as follows:

| Correction Class | Requirements | Time |
| - | - | - |
| [No changes to text content](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-1) | Editors MAY PR and/or merge at their discretion. | Within 5 days or 2 meetings. |
| [Changes that do not functionally affect interpretation of the document](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-2) | Editors SHOULD PR and/or merge at their discretion. | Within 5 days or 2 meetings. |
| [Other changes that do not add new features](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-3) | MUST PR. | Within 10 days or 2 meetings. |
| [New features](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-4) | MUST PR. | Within 10 days or 2 meetings. |
| [Changes to the contents of a registry table](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#class-5) | Editors or chairs MUST PR. | Within 10 days or 2 meetings. |
```
